Add a section on package upgrades. (#12)
CTSRD-CHERI/cheribsd-getting-started: src/packages/upgrading.md

# Upgrading packages

It is recommended to upgrade packages in the following situations:

* Before building a newer CheriBSD release;

  The release might require an updated toolchain (e.g., due to ABI changes in
  the release that must by supported by the toolchain).

* After updating your host to a newer CheriBSD release;

>   A package repository for the release is compiled against an ABI version
>   supported by the newer release that might have changed since its prior
>   release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Package repositories are compiled for the ABI version
  used by the corresponding release, which might be newer than the previous
  release.
```

Author: I've rephrased that a bit not to repeat "newer". Also, it's probably better no to say that one ABI is newer than another because it's not something documented on its own. A user does not have a way to keep track of the history of ABI versions to compare them. Hence, I'd prefer not to confuse the user and just say they can differ.

  Where practical, we intend to support packages from the immediately prior
  release on the newer release, but will make no effort to ensure that package
  repositories from even older releases continue to work.

>   Additionally, the package repository for the newer release will most likely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Additionally, package repositories for the newer release will most likely
```

  include updated third-party software versions that are tested against that
  release.

* After finding a bug in a package (e.g., a library, a toolchain).

  It might happen that the bug you discovered has already been reported and
  fixed.
  If the package upgrade does not resolve your issue, please
  [report the bug](../support/).

Use the following commands to upgrade your packages:

| CheriABI         | Hybrid ABI      |
|------------------|-----------------|
| `pkg64c upgrade` | `pkg64 upgrade` |

If you do not want perform the upgrade itself but only check if newer versions

> are available, you can add the `-n` flag to do so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are available, use the `-n` flag:
```

> # Upgrading packages

Author: I updated it with a list of situations when it's recommended to upgrade packages.
